Su Wanqiu trusts you so much
I just gave you this project to do
But what about you?
Instead of talking about the project
It also corrupted our other cooperation
No, it's his uncle
My dear uncle, what are you pretending to be noble?
That beggar can touch it
He is the eldest young master of the Sun Group
What's wrong with touching it?
Is he worse than that beggar?
Sun Group
That's our most important partner
Once the cooperation is terminated
Our Su family lost half of its income directly
Did you hear that?
It's all because of you
If you have any conscience
Go and apologize to the eldest young master
Isn't it just about sleeping?
Besides, it's not like you haven't slept
You fart
I'm talking nonsense
Then tell us now whether you are going or not.
If you don't go
You will immediately get out of the Su family for me
Yes, get out of the Su house
Why did our Su family let you lose money?
Get out now
There you go.
Our Su family can't afford a white-eyed wolf like you
Sister, you have to drive me away too
Aqiu, you have disappointed me so much.
Six years ago, you embarrassed my loser
I endured
You have to marry that beggar Xiao Chen
I'm not organized.
Xiao Chen used his fake identity to deceive me
I didn't bother with you either.
I didn't expect you to be able to progress
I didn't expect you to be so reluctant to make progress
There you go.
Xiaojia will break with you from now on
I, Su Zhenguo, don't have a granddaughter like you
Grandpa
Get out of here